azurerm_batch_account - allow versionless keys for CMK (#21677)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/batch_account.html.markdown

* `key_vault_reference` - The `key_vault_reference` block that describes the Azure KeyVault reference to use when deploying the Azure Batch account using the `UserSubscription` pool allocation mode.

* `encryption` - The `encryption` block that describes the Azure KeyVault key reference used to encrypt data for the Azure Batch account.

* `tags` - A map of tags assigned to the Batch account.

~> **Note:** Primary and secondary access keys are only available when `pool_allocation_mode` is set to `BatchService`. See [documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/batch/batch-api-basics) for more information.

---

A `key_vault_reference` block has the following properties:

* `id` - The Azure identifier of the Azure KeyVault reference.

* `url` - The HTTPS URL of the Azure KeyVault reference.

---

> An `encryption` block has the following properties:

Reviewer: We use this phrasing in other resources, can we update this to match?

```suggestion
An `encryption` block exports the following:
```

> * `key_vault_key_id` - The Azure identifier of the Azure KeyVault key reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `key_vault_key_id` - The ID of the Key Vault Key used to encrypt data for this Batch Account.
```
